Hello and welcome back to the Most Amazing
Top 10 Channel on the internet – I am your
host Rebecca Felgate and it seems like you
guys are loving convicts at the moment.
It was all about Urban Legends for a while…
but now your favourite videos seem to come
from prison!
Whatever, I don’t judge – here is the
Top 10 female convicts who freaked out after
they were given a life sentence.
Why it has to be females…who knows…
I do what they tell me.
Before we get into this video why don’t
you leave me a comment to tell me what you
would most likely go to jail for – for example
– I am very law abiding but if I had a weakness
it would be cheese…if cheese was illegal
I would break the law!
10 - Diana Lovejoy
Diana Lovejoy freaked out so hard that she
fainted when her guilty verdict was read out
in court.
The Woman from Carlsbad in San Diego was arrested
for a plot to kill her estranged husband.
Diana and Wldon McDavid Jnr conspired to kill
Greg Mulvihill, who was in the middle of a
bitter divorce battle with his wife.
The man survived a murder attempt, but Diana
was still sentenced to 26 years to life in
prison for her crime.
Here is the moment the guilty verdict was
read… she straight
up conks it in court.
She was taken away from court in a stretcher.
9 - Alexandria Thomas
Alexandria Thomas and her mother broke down
during a hearing at the Palm Beach County
Jail in Florida.
The woman was accused of stabbing her boyfriend
to death outside a supermarket in Palm Beach
was standing before a judge who told her her
boyfriend is in a medically induced coma.
The woman soon understood how serious the
charges against her are, and this was her
reaction.
Then this is her mothers reaction…
As you can see outside of the courtroom, she
was also very emotional.
8 - Ky’Andrea Cook
Ky’Andrea’s reaction to her sentencing
went so viral that we couldn’t not discuss
it in this video.
The then teenager received 20 years for carjacking
in an elaborate dating app plot the ended
in the shooting of another teenager.
At the time, Ky’Andrea was 18 and when she
was read her 20 year sentence, this is what
happened first.
So that is her mother screaming and crying
and losing it.
I feel like her mum really set her off, as
after her outburst, this was Ky Andrea’s
response -
7 - Mithchelle Blair
36 year old Mitchelle Blair was a mother of
four who killed two of her children – 9
year old Stephen Berry and 13 year old Stoni
Blair.
She then put their bodies in a freezer.
The woman was sentenced to life in jail without
parole, meaning that she will never be released.
Throughout her much publicized trial, Mitchelle
broke down with outburst many times.
One example is right here - This came during
a custody hearing for her two surviving children.
She screams she did kill her daughter, getting
very irate.
She said that the girl had abused her other
children, but the court found no evidence
of that.
She was removed from the court room a number
of times.
6 - Kayla Rae Norton
So this wasn’t a life sentence but it was
a long sentence and a pretty fierce reaction…
white supremacists Kayla Rae Norton and Jose
Torres gate crashed an black eight year old’s
birthday party with guns and a confederate
flag in Douglasville in July 2015 . The group,
of which the pair were just a small part,
repeatedly used the N word at the children.
This racially motivated outburst came less
than a month after a fellow supremacist, Dylann
Roof killed nine African Americans in a church.
Anyway, we can all agree this was awful behaviour
from Kayla…and this was her reaction to
her six year sentence.
She did seem pretty sorry… she broke down
in tears but she did say she accepted her
sentence.
This next freak out also comes from Regular
Sentencing but it is so intense that I had
to include it.
Coming in to number 5 we have a Vegas Lady
who is NOT DONE talking!
So okay, I know that this isn’t a life sentence
or anything but the way in which she freaks
out rivals a lot of the freak outs on this
list.
I basically just found this footage by gooling
women freak out in court….
So like.. the details are pretty sketchy here.
It seems like this woman has done something
dubious in Las Vegas and she is in court hearing
about her crime and the fact that she will
likely go to jail.
She tries to explain herself but the judge
is like, quiet while I tell you your sentence….
And THIS is the reaction! *clip one.* The
leg kicking is super intense.
Then when you think that she has been calmed….she
comes out with this….
If she wasn’t going to jail before, she
certainly is now!
Okay, we have had a lot of recent history
lady drama, but one of the most intense and
horrifying reactions to a sentence in history
comes waaaay back in 1541 at the execution
of Lady Margaret Pole in one of the most gruesome
and memorable trials of all time at number
Poor Margret was arrested by King Henry VIII
ths henchmen and brought for execution at
the tower of London without trial.
On the 27th of May, a summers morning, Lady
Margaret proclaimed that she was not going
to lay her head upon the execution block and
if the executioner wanted to decapitate herm
he he would have to do it where she stood.
He then missed her neck and she ran around
screaming, scratching and hissing as she literally
spat blood at those who wrongly accused her.
Eventually, after 11 blows she was killed
but it is said that her ghost still haunts
the tower of London.
3 - Dallas Woman
Mother Elizabeth Escalona abused her daughter,
beating her and gluing her hands to the wall.
She was soon pictures of the two year old
toddlers injuries – the little girl was
left near death following her mothers savagery.
The 23 year old woman was sentenced to 99
years in jail – longer than usual life terms.
When she is read the sentence, her reaction
is strong.
We cant see her face but her body doubles
over in shock.
She cries, but the real freak out comes from
the womans mother who screams the house down
….. editors clip.
Argh.
It is heart breaking on many levels.
I am glad the toddler survived…if there
is any silver lining.
Eeeesh…prepare your ears for number two….
2 - Miami Screamer
This is so intense.
A woman who lived in Miami Florida was arrested
for killing her husband, a crime that would
carry a life sentence.
As she meets with a judge in a bail hearing
in 2013, she applies for bond but she is denied.
This was her reaction.
She is distressed….
Distressed and also scantily dressed – she
is wheeled in in a wheelchair and it seems
clothing is placed over her rather than on
her.
She screams that her husband broke her legs
-seeming to confess to the killing but in
self defence.
Finally at number one, this is one of the
most dramatic things I have ever seen in a
court room….
1 - Erica Mae Butts and Shanita Latrice Cunningham
A double whammy and truly, truly sad.
The pair were sent to prison for the rest
of their lives for beating toddler Serenity
Richardson to death.
The child’s Godmother, Erica Mae and her
lover Shanita beat the three year old girl
with their defence being - I quote - we didn't
know what we did would kill her.
Right.
The women caused a courtroom stir in November
2011 when their sentences were read.
First cries and screams are heard as the sentence
is read out… then…oof… things get even
more dramatic.
Both of the women on trial collapse and fall
to the floor.
The screams, we then decipher, are actually
coming from the gallery, from Erica’s mother.
It is honestly one of the most intense things
I have ever seen.
The women are attended to by medics and the
mother is escorted out by security.
The whole thing is total chaos… we hear
another woman screaming GET UP ERICA.
Like…she has fainted…
I don’t think she can hear you.
Then, as she comes round, she is dragged out
of the courtroom on a wheely chair like her
girlfriend was before her, only she is hyperventilating.
Loudly.
So guys that was the Top 10 Female Convicts
Who Freaked Out After being Given A Life Sentence…..
this list didn’t make me feel great…
I don’t think we should have cameras in
court rooms because these moments are awful
and usually come from awful actions.
What do you think….cameras in court rooms
or no?
Also don’t forget to tell me what you’d
most likely be jailed for.
COMMENTS from Scary Russian Cover Ups.
Like I am not sure what this comment means
but I am intrigued.
Son Goku said:
Zangief won't approve of this video.
In Russia, vodka pile drives YOU.?
My other favourite comment is from Soniceice
24 who said Russha gotta get it together and
play fair?!
LEWL.
Like share etc